EmployeePayroll
===============

Payroll system for company's clerks and managers


You are required implement a solution for the following requirements:
Class Employee
The main class is Employee.
An employee has the following instance variables:
age: an integer
birthDay: a number between 1 and lengthOfYear
salary: an integer
vacationDays: an integer giving the number of available vacation days for the
remainder of the year
On employees the following methods work:
Employee: sets all parameters
increaseSalary: multiplies the salary by (1 + salaryIncrease)
takeVacationDay: returns true if vacationDays > 0 and decreases vacationDays by
1, returns false otherwise
addVacationDays: replaces vacationDays by vacationDays / 2 + days
checkBirthday: checks whether currentDay, which is passed as a parameter equals
birthDay, and if yes returns true otherwise false. age is increased by one if the
employee has birthday
checkRetirement: returns true if age exceeds 65, otherwise false
paySalary(int i): prints that company pays salary to employee i
toString: lists all variables on a single line


Class Clerk
Clerk is a derived class from Employee.
A clerk has one extra instance variable:
illDays: an integer counting the number of days the person was ill during the last
calendar year
On clerks the following additional methods work:
resetIllDays: sets illDays = 0
addIllDays: adds one to illDays
getIllDays: returns the value of illDays
toString: adds the additional variable to the variables of Employee
Class Director
Director is a derived class from Employee. A director has one extra instance variable:
gratification: a double giving the fraction of the profit this director gets at the end
of the year
On director the following additional methods work:
payGratification(int i): prints how much gratification the company pays to
employee i
toString: adds the additional variable to the variables of Employee
Class Company
Then there is the class Company. It has the following instance variables:
lengthOfYear: an integer
currentDay: an integer
numberOfEmployees: an integer
profit: an integer
employee: an array of Employee
Methods working on companies are:
Company(int maxSize, int l): creates a company with 0 employees and an array of
length maxSize and lenghtOfYear = l


employClerk(int i): creates a new clerk with all its variables as employee[i].
Variables are chosen randomly in a reasonable range. Clerks get 5 vacation days.
addClerk() adds a clerk at the end of the employee array
employDirector(int i): creates a new director with all its variables as employee[i].
Variables are chosen randomly in a reasonable range. Directors get 8 vacation
days.
addClerk() adds a director at the end of the employee array
dayStep: increases currentDay by 1. Tests whether currentDay % (lengthOfYear /
4) = 0. if yes, salaries are paid out. Tests for the end of the year. if yes,
gratifications are paid out and illDays are reset. Then it sets currentDay = 0. Tests
for birthdays. If yes, the salary is increased. Then it also tests whether it is time to
retire. Then, for all employees, it is randomly chosen whether to be ill, take free
or work. If clerks are ill too often they are fired. If an employee wants free but
vacationDay == 0, he must work.
Class CompanyTest
On top of all, there is a class CompanyTest. It contains main. It creates a company with 3
directors and 17 clerks. Then it performs 100 daySteps with lengthOfYear = 40.
Note:
Random numbers can be generated by methods from the class Random in java.util. It is
You may use "instanceof", which allows to test to which class an object belongs.
